Copyright (c) 2023, UT-Battelle, LLC, and Battelle Memorial Institute
All rights reserved
ReSolve version 1.0
 
License:
 
Subject to the conditions of this License, UT-Battelle, LLC (the “Licensor”)
hereby grants, free of charge, to any person (the “Licensee”) obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), a
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
copyright license to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, and/or
sublicense copies of the Software.
 
1. Redistributions of Software must retain the above open source license grant,
copyright and license notices, this list of conditions, and the disclaimer
listed below.  Changes or modifications to, or derivative works of the Software
must be noted with comments and the contributor and organization’s name.  If
the Software is protected by a proprietary trademark owned by Licensor or the
Department of Energy, then derivative works of the Software may not be
distributed using the trademark without the prior written approval of the
trademark owner.
 
2. Neither the names of Licensor nor the Department of Energy may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this Software without their specific
prior written permission.
 
3. The Software, with or without modification, must include the following
acknowledgment:
 
"This product includes software produced by UT-Battelle, LLC under Contract
No. DE-AC05-00OR22725 and Battelle Memorial Institute under Contract 
No. DE-AC05-76RL01830 with the Department of Energy.”
 
4. Licensee agrees to unconditionally assign to Licensor all rights in any
changes or modifications to, or derivative works of the Software.  Licensee
agrees to furnish the Licensor within a reasonable time a copy of any changes
or modifications to, or derivative works of the Software according to the
instructions found on the following web site:
 
https://github.com/ORNL/resolve
 
 
******************************************************************************
DISCLAIMER
 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 
******************************************************************************